---
layout: example
title:  "Akirix.com"
client: "Akirix"
date:   2016-02-22 00:27:47 -0700

categories: 
- example
- website

preview-img: "/img/previews/akirix-preview.jpg"
external-url: "https://akirix.com"
---

### Changing the way business is paid for

Akirix, is a secure online payment platform specialized for the VOIP industry.

#### In Small Business, everyone takes out the garbage

In the summer of 2013, while still in my last year of college, I decided to quite my job working as a computer technician.
Shortly after being hired I became disenchanted with the IT work that I had been steadily gaining experience in while in college. 
What I thought was a better opportunity to work with high end server installations, I quickly found, was more along the line
of a server assembly farm. So I quit.

Within the week I was approached by my good friend and serial co-worker Tyler Gleave about a new startup being set down in Ogden.
While having very little experience under my belt at this point I jumped over the opportunity. After a intense set of finals 
mixed in with a long interview process. I was hired at the exciting startup.

My first project would grow to become the centerpiece of my responsibility within the rapidly growing organization. Akirix's 
primary goal was to provide its clients was a safe trading environment, and on-boarding was its the first line of defense. 
Over the course of my tenure at Akirix, I turned a small confusing part of the site. Into a intuitive user experience oriented 
pillar of the company.


#### Developing the Business

After some incredible initial success, major changes in the market forced Akirix into the doldrums. Revenue began to drop
and internal strife to it's toll on the company. While in our greatest time of need Akirix found someone to guide the development 
of the organizations and it members. Randy Watt.

Randy was an excellent and patient teacher. From business development, and market analysis to force prevention and 
strategic planning I soaked up every lesson.